[MUSIC]
>> Brian: I don't think any of this
should be really news to you in terms
of the react parts of it.
Hopefully as we're talking more and
more about breaking things in a component.
You're like I should break this into
component sensor should be going
off right now.
Cuz we have header in two
different places, right?
What's annoying like say tomorrow that
marketing decides to pivot the brand and
they want to be called something else now.
Now we have to go to every single header
that we have in all of our app and
change in every single place.
That's really annoying, right?
It would be much better if we
could had one header component.
We changed it once and
now it worked everywhere.
>> Brian: Or whatever reason, say you
wanted to change the color of the header
to red, any one of those reasons
of why you wanted to do that.
So we can break header out
into its own component.
We can kind of decompose this
into smaller components and so
we can just include the header component
and we can also test it individually.
We can throw it on multiple pages.
It becomes much more testable and
reusable, all happy good feelings.
In fact,
I'm presently experience this in Netflix.
We have seven different footers and so we
had to change our privacy policy link and
then I've had to fix it in seven places.
And I actually just got
an email this morning saying,
hey you forgot to fix it in yet
another footer.
So, not complaining, but yeah,
I'm complaining, that's terrible.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian: [LAUGH] Okay, so let's break out
header into its own little component, and
then after that we'll take a little break.
>> Brian: So
go create a new file called header.jsx.
>> Brian: Okay, and
let's just knock this out really
quick const React = require react.
>> Brian: const React, let's see,
what we want is actually
Link out of 'react-router'.
>> Brian: And then,
we wanna make a new, yeah,
you can make this in whatever you want to.
We can even make this a stateless
functional component.
Well no, make it a whatever,
whatever you wanna do.
I'll do a create class here.
We're initially gonna make this stateless,
but
it's quickly going to be not be stateless.
So, just go ahead and
not make it a stateless component
>> Brian: Okay, and
this is gonna be header
className='header'.
>> Brian: And h1 className='brand'.
>> Brian: Here I wanna say svideo.
>> Brian: But we want to make this
little bit more useful, right?
People expect when they click on
the branding to go to the homepage, right,
that's just a general expectations of UI,
right?
I if you're on netflix.com and
you click on the Netlix,
you expect just to go
to Netflix's homepage.
So, let's use Link to do that.
Two sides to play nicely
with Internet expectations.
>> Brian: Equals brand-link.
>> Brian: And so
now we have a nice link in there as well.
>> Brian: And down here we're
gonna say module.exports = Header.
>> Brian: Questions about that?
>> Brian: We'll go through
this on detail.jsx and
then,
>> Brian: We'll do the Back button,
and then we will break after that.
>> Brian: Okay, so go to Details.
And instead of having this header
right here, let's go ahead and
say const Header = require('./Header').
>> Brian: And we're just gonna
throw Header on here like this.
>> Brian: Okay, save that.
So, all I did was require this up here and
then use it right there.
That's it.
Then what we're gonna do is we're gonna
make sure that nothing's breaking,
everything looks okay.
So, let's come back here to details,
refresh the page so
that same header's still there.
But now notice you can actually
click on the header and
it's actually gonna take
you to the Homepage which
is exactly what a user would
expect out of your program, right?
Something that one may ask me is why
don't we put this in the general layout,
right, because most pages would
expect to have it in the layout.
Well notice this page actually
doesn't have a header, right?
It would be kind of weird if
there was a header or maybe not,
maybe you think that's a good idea.
And if that was the case,
if it was literally on every page then
it should definitely go into the layout.
But this page doesn't have on so
we are not gonna put it here.
>> Brian: Okay,
let's put a back button up here as well so
we can also navigate
back to details as well.
So not details, back to search.
>> Brian: So,
let's go to header again, header.jsx.
>> Brian: And what we're gonna do here is
we're just gonna put a really simple back
button really quick.
So, after the h1, go ahead and do an h2,
>> Brian: And 'header-back'.
Then inside of here,
we're going to put a Link.
And this is just gonna go to /search.
>> Brian: Back.
>> Brian: That's it.
So we just added that.
>> Speaker 2: There was a question
if you could create a route for
the navbar that wraps all
the pages except for the index.
>> Brian: You definitely
could do nested routing, but
not with our current URL structure.
I'll navigate there just a second,
I just wanna make sure everyone
gets this h2 in there, okay?
And I'll push a branch after this,
as well.
>> Brian: Okay,
I think most people have ceased typing.
So, let's go just chit-chat
a second about that.
Notice that these two don't actually share
a route, in the sense that they don't
share a URL structure,
like this IndexRoute doesn't already say.
Now, what you could do is
you can make route, sorry.
Search the component here, right?
But let's just kind of do it,
we'll just kind of hack out [COUGH] for
just a second, don't follow me here, but.
And then we would have another
IndexRoute right here.
>> Brian: With component = search.
This would be some sort of like search
layout, right, and something like that.
But what actually ends up happening
here is this modifies our URL structure.
So, instead of going to details, you would
actually go to search/details, right?
If you're okay with that being you're
URL structure, then go right ahead, and
then you could make a common
layout between the two.
But this also seems to be a little
bit convoluted of nesting and
it also messes with our URL structure so
we're not into that or
I'm not into that, you can be into it.
Anyway, that's why that's
not happening right now.
>> Brian: Good question though.
>> Speaker 2: How could you
refactor this to use history and
take them back to the previous
page that they were on?
>> Brian: The answer to that question
is you've come here to details.jsx,
details.jsx.
Instead of using a link and
not detail, sorry header.
>> Brian: And you would not make this a
link, you would make this and anchor tag.
This would be an href,
>> Brian: And this would be a function,
basically a function call that
would be getPreviousLink.
>> Brian: Okay, then you write a function
up here called getPreviousLink.
That would basically go grab
the history.back of whatever they were,
and then you would put it down here.
And then, every time it would call render,
it would go get that link and put it here.
>> Brian: That's the basic
gist of what was happening.
And then you'd have to have
some sort of fallback, right?
Because maybe they directly
navigated to the page and
you still want the Back button to work and
go somewhere expected.
>> Brian: That's the jist that.
In our case, because we can
kind of self-contained our app,
we know that back is always going to be
the search page, so that tends to be okay.
>> Brian: Okay,
I didn't even see if if this ran, so
let's just make sure it works.
So now you have a Back button up here, and
you can click Back and it goes back and
forth just fine.